1. In the header, the title is “Boo The Dog,” instead of “Boo The Dog Fan Page.” Not sure that this is actually an error, it’s just that the GrumpyCat.html page had the title of “Grumpy Cat Fan Page!” as header 1 “Grumpy Cat Fan Page”. The BooTheDog.html also had the header of “Boo The Dog Fan Page!,” which does not match the title. 
2. On line 19, in the class “jumbotron bg-primary text-center”, there are no <h1> <h1> brackets for the Boo The Dog Fan Page! Title, as a result the CSS did not get attached it seems and the Boo title is normal text. There is also no indentation of the class jumbotron bg-primary text-center for the Boo The Dog page; most of the indentations are all messed up
3. The indentations for most of the body are wrong. The classes; “row” “col-sm-12”, “panel panel-primary”, “panel-heading”, “panel-body text-center”, “panel body”, “col-sm-6”, “well text-center”, and a few others are not not indented correct and not even inside of the container class. 
4. In the “panel-body text-center” of “col-sm-12,” header tags, <h4>, were used instead of paragraph tags, <p>. And the text is poorly spaced. I changed it to be one paragraph instead of the center text style, it seemed to me the instructions should be organized as normal text. I also changed the message of the text to say, “the previous vandalism to our Boo ‘The Cutest Dog in the World’ fanpage, has been corrected. Enjoy!”
5. The About Boo “panel-body” doesn't have any pargraph tags, it’s just a giant block of text. I broke it into three paragraphs and separated the Wiki link as well. 
6. The wiki link was not properly constructed and didn’t link to anywhere, I corrected this
7. The img class is not declared properly and the image for Boo does not appear correctly, the “<” , “>” brackets were missing
8. The order of the webpage for Grumpy cat and Boo differs after the about panel and image. Grumpy cat has the grow and shrink interactive buttons as well as the color interactive buttons immediately following the about panel. Boo has the random fact interactive and list right after the about Boo panel. I switched the order of the Boo page to match the order of the Grumpy Cat page. 
9. Furthermore, the order of the grow shrink buttons and the color buttons was also inverted, I also corrected many indentations errors. After the break tags from the about panel there is supposed to be a class called “row text-center” and sub column classes; “col-sm-6” and “col-sm-6 text-center”, which hold the code for the interactive buttons. All of this was indented poorly and needed correcting.  
10. The text on the color buttons did not match in the commands
11. After correcting all the HTML errors, the buttons would still not work, this was due to the javaScript logic.For one thing, there were no comments. 
   1. The listed Boo facts were listed as a single string instead of as an array of strings, which caused all the boo facts to be listed at once when the button was clicked.
   2. The pink color command was missing its parentheses
   3. The orange text command was not indented 
   4. The click commands were missing their parentheses for the grow functions
   5.  The box grow on click command was unnecessarily indented half way through the command 
1. Even after correcting the logic.js file, the BooThedog.html file did not call the logic.js file