1. Hashing; using data of a fixed size to map data of an arbitrary size. An easier description is digital fingerprinting (adding a unique practically unrepeatable code) of inputed data. This is useful for many reasons such as; rapid data location, finding similar bits of information (dna sequences), protecting data with unique identification, authentication, and many more applications such as blockchains. 
2. AWS infrastructure (Amazon Web Services; cloud computing); AWS is simply amazons offered cloud computing. The three main forms of cloud computing are available, infrastructure as a service, platform as as service, and software as a service. A job description that lists building applications on aws is referring to having the skills and insight to work with cloud computing platforms
3. MVC framework; a common design pattern for web applications; model, view, controller. The model objects handle the actual logical operations for the applications data domain, such as retrieving data and manipulating it before storing it again in a database. The view components are what the user views as a user interface. This allows the user to work with buttons and plain english instead of lines of code. The controllers are the components of the application that actually process the user input and interactions such as a button press.
4. LAMP stack; Linux operating system, Apache http server, MySQL relational database, and PHP programming language software suite, or stack. This is just an open source software bundle that many people use to develop dynamic web applications. So a LAMP stack developer is just someone that knows how to develop with this software bundle.  
5. Angular; <angular /> is another software tool to help web developers build web applications using HTML tags. It is a framework; a common collection of code with a generic functionality that must be used often. It allows users to avoid having to repeatedly type the same code for basic functions. Angular’s goal is to make it easier for web designers, not necessarily professionals, to just use some basic HTML tags to make their web page more dynamic. Some features of the framework allow users to easily implement complex requirements of web applications such as; data binding, routing, and animations.
6. API (Application Programming Interface); APIs are the part of servers that respond to client, or browser, requests. More specifically they are the software intermediary that allows two applications to talk to each other. For example, if you want to an application on your mobile phone to easily send info to a internet server and get a simple answer back, an API is necessary to translate the application’s data to a transfer protocol, usually HTTP, that the server will be able to receive and then translate the server’s response back to data that the application will easily be able to receive and display to the user. This allows users to remain on their application and easily interact with with the internet. A good analogy is that an api is a messenger or waiter that relays a request or command from the user to some type of server or application and then relays back a response to the user. APIs are very crucial to the seamless connectivity that we are all used to. 
7. OOA/D/P; a method of analyzing (brainstorming) and designing an application or system by using object-oriented design and visual modeling. The purpose is to make sure the application is optimized for stakeholder communication (making sure the client gets what they were asking for)  and product quality. It is an iterative approach to developing applications. It is part of the Unified Process family of software development frameworks; most famous being RUP - Rational Unified Process. Unlike rigid waterfall style development where steps in the development process only flow one direction, iterative models emphasize that various steps in the design process should be done simultaneously. 
8. Responsive Web Design (RWD); a web design approach to ensure that 
Web pages render well on any variety of devices and window or screen sizes. This is done by using relative units like percentages for page elements instead of absolute values, using flexible images also sized by relative units, and ensuring that media queries are allowed to use different CSS style rules based on characteristics of the device display the site. Mobilegeddon is a Google algorithm update that gives priority to websites that display well on smartphones and other mobile devices, which makes RWD very important in contemporary web design. “Content is like water.”
9. Automated Unit Tests (MS Tests preferred); a software development approach that makes sure the smallest testable parts of an application, called units, are individually and independently tested to see if they are operating properly. Part of the TDD (Test Driven Development) methodology which requires developers to deliberately write code to fail so that they will take into account all possible inputs, errors, and outputs. A development team can gain a comprehensive suite of tests that can be automatically run any time to make sure their software is still working, this is obviously important for quality software development. 
10. Version Control System; a practical software development system that allows a user or collaboration of users to record the changes to a file or set of files over time so that they may recall specific versions later. This is a big part of Git, if not the main purpose of it. Being able to recall prior versions of a file or group of files that is being continually manipulated is important since it allows users to return to a known working point in the process incase major errors or roadblocks are met along the way.